They get so excited about the modeling that they forget that actually we have to like
make value or there is no reason that we exist. We're just becoming an expense.
So I've had to have those conversations before. I know this is exciting, but there is a balance
between figuring out a really cool way of doing this and giving real value without taking too
much time. Those are conversations. And depending on the person,
there are just people that would love to be in academia but are not.
So some of the PhDs I have had more of that with. And I think that's just because,
like, you've been in school forever. That is what you do.
So I had one other thought because we're still talking.
Getting people to present their results is useful. But I've had to coach multiple people being like,
OK, remember who's in the audience. You're talking to the CEO. Is he going to care about this?
No. He cares about his financials showing this, this, and this. So how can you relate this back
instead of spoon feeding it, though? Like,
you've got to get them to actually understand how to do that, which takes time.